[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> For over 40 years, one
man has championed the cause
of developing peaceful
relationships with
extraterrestrial intelligences
that have been visiting planet
Earth for decades,
if not millennia.
Through his unrelenting
efforts, Dr. Steven Greer
is a significant force, bearing
pressure upon the government
to disclose classified, secret
extraterrestrial information
kept hidden within the
military industrial complex.
>>BILLY CARSON:
I'm Billy Carson.
Dr. Greer, welcome
to "Disclosure."
>>STEVEN GREER: Thank you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
>>BILLY: Yes, same here.
Your whole journey
began in 1973 when you
had a near-death experience.
Can you tell us about that?
>>GREER: In the spring
of 1973, I got very sick.
And I had this
experience where I
left my body in a very clear
way, went out into space,
and had sort of a contact
not with extraterrestrials.
But it was two points
of consciousness that
were divine avatar-type beings.
And it was beautiful.
And towards the end of it in
this state of consciousness,
I was told I could
either go with them
or come back to Earth.
And I said--
I had the presence of mind
to say thy will be done.
What do you want me to do?
I mean, I'm 17, totally
uneducated about any
of these issues.
And they said, you
should go back.
A few months later,
I go off to college.
And in 1973 in October,
I'm up in the mountains
of North Carolina, meditating.
And just before sunset--
and I'm up at 5,000 feet.
And I see this--
right before I
sit to meditate, I
look over towards the
southwest, and there's
a seamless metallic disk.
And it's the same disk I had
seen when I was eight or nine.
I'd seen one of
these ET craft when
I was a very young boy
with my twin sister
and some other people in my
neighborhood in Charlotte,
North Carolina.
I went oh, they're back.
I didn't think
anything more about it.
And I sit to
meditate, and I have
this profound, deep meditation
that lasted a very long time.
Because by the time I ended
it, it was pitch black
and the Milky Way
was above my head.
Gorgeous.
And at the end of
it, I stood up.
And a beautiful thought--
it felt like it was
telepathically sent to me--
and it would sound
strange said, behold
what a beautiful
universe God has made.
And with that, I went
right back into that state
that I was in when I had died
six months earlier in March
of '73.
And I was just standing there.
And below the crest of this
mountain, there was a glow.
And I went, oh, I don't
know what that is.
And then I was aware that
there was this being.
But I thought it was a deer
standing up on its legs.
And it was an ET.
Beautiful almond eyes.
And came over and
touched my jacket.
And I had a ski jacket on.
It was very cold.
Touched me on my right
shoulder, physically.
And it was 3D and sort
of fully materialized.
Dematerialized, rematerialized.
Very similar to what Colonel
Corso had happen at White Sands
back in the '50s.
And touched me.
And with that, I vanished.
And I was on a craft for about--
I found out later about
three or four hours.
And it was during
that experience
that we experimented with
and created the CE5 Contact
protocols, although I
didn't call it that then.
And it was using consciousness
and remote viewing
and what I call coherent thought
sequencing where you guide them
in to where you're located
with a laser-like intent, heart
and mind together.
We'll get into this.
And that is really how the CE5
Contact protocols got started.
And it was fascinating.
And that really began
my whole experience
within six months of
near-death experience,
exploring consciousness,
and then from there
sort of creating the CE5
Contact protocols where
humans make contact with
these civilizations directly.
And it was all because of this
sort of amazing consciousness
exploration that happened.
>>BILLY: Can you
describe these beings
and exactly what you learned?
>>GREER: Well, it
was interesting,
because everyone has all these
caricatures of these beings.
They don't seem to fit
any of the caricatures.
And in fact, there were
different types of beings.
So there were one group that
were maybe 39 inches tall.
I mean, very, like--
less than four feet.
A little over three feet.
No hair.
The other ones were very
tall and sort of luminous.
There was a group that had
very triangular kind of heads
like a praying mantis.
Later I found out
that these were
master healers in the cosmos
from a planet where they're
very renowned for healing.
They have specializations
of capabilities,
but very much work together.
It's very much opposite of what
the UFO lore is in mythology.
But most of the
experience was not linear.
It was-- you sort of
dematerialized out in space.
And what was interesting, as
we were sitting in this craft,
you think, well, there are
walls like in this building.
No.
You're looking as
if you're floating
in a bubble that's translucent.
>>BILLY: In some
kind of force field?
>>GREER: I think it has to do
with extremely advanced fiber
optic-type systems in
the shell of the craft.
So you can be out there
and it looks exactly
like you're just
floating freely.
But you're not.
You're actually in a structure,
an environmentally controlled
structure.
>>BILLY: That's incredible.
>>GREER: Yeah.
Most of the time, to
be honest with you,
was spent me
teaching them what it
was like for a boy, a young
man of 18 to experience
cosmic consciousness on
Earth and how that could
be used, these states
of consciousness,
to communicate in the future.
And I knew it would be
something for the future,
but at that time I didn't know.
You know, I had no real sense
of the timeline of when I
would start the projects that--
>>BILLY: So with
these beings, this
was more like an exploratory
consciousness experiment.
Would you say that?
>>GREER: We were co-creating
these protocols for future use
very specifically.
I knew it was for future use.
>>BILLY: Can you describe the
process of the co-creation?
>>GREER: Yeah.
I mean, and the co-creation
part was me meditating
and them seeing me
meditate and experiencing
that near-death-type
level of clarity
in samadhi consciousness,
cosmic consciousness.
And then how that could be
used to actuate remote viewing,
it's called now.
But seeing distant
places, seeing future,
but also then connecting to the
ET systems and guiding them in.
Then what I learned
is that they have--
and we'll get into this more--
they have technologies
that interface
with the consciousness
field and directed thought.
Not random thought, what
I call coherent thought,
as clearly as we pick up a radio
frequency from our cell phone
or TV station.
So those civilizations that are
interstellar, they have to--
by going faster than
the speed of light,
they've had to explore
trans-dimensional physics,
including faster than speed
of light communications, which
exist, and classified projects.
We've worked on these.
But those civilizations
have perfected it
to a level of really
profound accuracy.
And so this is something
that I experienced.
I didn't understand it.
I mean, obviously, it's
taken me 40-some years
to sort of unpack that.
Because intellectually,
I didn't understand it.
Experientially, it
was very simple.
You connect to the
fact that you're awake.
You connect to that
aspect of consciousness
that is this field consciousness
that's unbounded, infinite.
You then can see any
point in space time.
And then when you connect
with an ET craft or person,
you then zoom in and
show them where you are.
And that's it.
It's very simple.
But also, it was under this
sort of ethical premise
of universality that
we're all one being.
And I realize that,
well, they're strange
and they're different from me.
Of course, we still have racism
on this planet and everything
else.
But from their point
of consciousness,
it's like, what's the
color of consciousness?
What's the gender
of consciousness?
What's the ethnicity
of consciousness,
of that basic universal
field of consciousness?
Well, it doesn't have a color.
It doesn't have a gender.
It doesn't even have a planet.
It's not even humanism.
It's universal.
And so that I
realized was something
that these
civilizations absolutely
understood, not only from the
point of view of their paradigm
but from their
operating systems.
Interestingly, this
continued where
I was up in the
mountains, North Carolina.
And before I'd go
to bed, I would
do these protocols to see--
well, maybe see if this works.
Every single night
the rangers and police
would report UFOs
all over the area.
And I finally realized
I shouldn't do this
without having some
purpose, so I stopped.
It kind of freaked me out,
to be honest with you.
So after that, I
decide, you know,
I really want to become
an expert on meditation.
So I went to become a meditation
teacher, the old Maharishi
International University.
Interestingly,
during that period
of learning to become a
teacher of meditation,
we went over to Isola, France.
And it's up in the
Maritime Alps up above
Nice near the Italian border.
And that was the last phase of
becoming a meditation teacher.
Now, this is now
the summer of 1975.
And one morning, I
said, you know what?
I'm going to break out
of my meditation routine
that they had us on and I'm
going to do the CE5 Protocols.
And it was before lunch.
So I sit and I do the--
I go in the meditation.
I go deep into meditation.
I allowed my conscious
mind to expand universally.
I then scan for ET
craft or civilizations,
and I get a sense of one.
It wasn't-- and I just
said, oh, well, I'm here.
My name is Steve.
I very childishly
said, my name's Steve.
You don't remember me.
And then I show
them where we are.
So I show them--
I vector them in, like you'd
vector in a jet to JFK Airport.
I vector them in with
my thought very clearly
to that mountain and
that hotel complex
up in the French Maritime Alps.
And all of a sudden, this
beautiful, seamless, metallic,
silvery tetrahedron materializes
in a blue alpine sky,
probably 1:00 in the afternoon.
And this was the first mass
witnessed CE5, close encounter
of the fifth kind, which is
when humans initiate the contact
and make contact.
And there were a whole
bunch of people from France
who were on the course who
were up ahead of us, pointing.
So this was a mass
witness daytime.
Interestingly, I think what
happened, people were--
this was big, and it was close.
And I think once people
began to be afraid,
they pick up on that
fear and they back off.
Contrary to the human
hoaxed contact events,
what UFO people call abductions
and mutilations, all that,
the actual ET events, if
they sense you're afraid,
they just back off.
And they did.
So they backed off and then
dematerialized in a blue sky.
Didn't fly off.
It just vanished.
So that was in 1975.
And that was the first
mass-witnessed event.
And that's when I realized,
you can do this for people.
You can do this with a group.
And it dawned on me then that's
something that at some point
we should do as a
civilization on Earth.
>>BILLY: What more can you
tell us about the structure?
>>GREER: Just one key
thing about the structure,
and this is how you determine
an extraterrestrial vehicle
from the ones that are
the anti-gravity vehicles
from Lockheed Skunk
Works and Northrop,
is that they're
completely seamless.
They have this extraordinary
energy about it.
And the consciousness
of the occupants
is transmitted in the structure.
I mean, it's like AI at
the level of seamless
interface between the
consciousness of the pilot
or whoever's commanding
it and that structure.
And you can feel it.
You could feel that this was--
the structure itself was awake.
>>BILLY: Interesting.
>>GREER: Yeah.
>>BILLY: As you continued to
test your contact protocols,
there was an event
with UAPs at the FAA.
Can you tell us about that?
>>GREER: Yes.
And actually, in the
intelligence community,
they call them ETVs,
Extraterrestrial Vehicles,
or ARVs, Alien Reproduction
Vehicles or Electrogravitics.
>>BILLY: I've heard
ARVs quite a bit.
>>GREER: Yep.
So the UAP term was
invented recently
as a way of obfuscating
and hiding the truth.
Remember, words are important.
So that's my editorial
comment on the question.
>>BILLY: [LAUGHS]
>>GREER: But going
further, two years later,
a couple years later, this
event happened where, again,
there was a part
of me that says--
you want to pinch yourself.
Is this true?
Can this really happen?
>>BILLY: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>>GREER: You know?
So I was back in North Carolina,
and I was up near Blowing Rock
out in the Blue Ridge, off
the Blue Ridge Parkway.
And I had a
housemate, and we had
this little two-bedroom
place on the lower
level of a house overlooking
Grandfather Mountain.
It's a 6,000-foot mountain
out in the Blue Ridge.
And I suddenly realized, you
know, I want to try this.
It just came to me.
So I go into quiet meditation.
Again, I'm doing
this before I go
to bed, which be careful
what you do right
before you go to bed.
A lot of cool things can happen.
You've got to be ready for it.
And so I go into
this deep meditation,
and I asked the ETs to
come and visit where I am.
And again, I expand my
awareness, go into this state
where I can sense--
see where they are.
I introduce myself.
And in a spirit of
peaceful contact,
invite them to come to
where I'm located there.
But kind of being, I guess,
in a sense looking back
on it, rather childish
about it, I said, well,
if you don't remember who I
am, I was born and grew up
in Charlotte.
So I show them and guide
them to the city of Charlotte
and the part of
town I grew up in.
And then from there, guide them
up to the Blue Ridge Mountains,
northwest.
And sure enough, it
turns out, I go to sleep.
I wake up.
And there's this
kind of blue craft,
maybe 20 feet outside the
window with this energy,
this beam of energy coming in.
And inside my room was an
ET, but not materialized.
I could sense it, its
intelligence, and it was there.
Now my roommate at this
point who's in a bedroom
next door wakes up and sees this
craft right outside the window,
and can feel the consciousness
of this ET in the house.
So he comes running
out and runs in.
He says, what did you do?
And he's like-- but he was
very upset in a sense about it,
because I hadn't warned
him I was going to do this.
And at that point, this
ET, which was sort of--
almost like a hologram.
You could sense it, but it
wasn't fully materialized yet,
because they can go in and
out of dimensions, varnished.
The craft then moved around
to the front of the house.
So we run out into
the living room.
There's a big picture window.
It was nighttime, but
off in that direction
is Grandfather Mountain.
And it goes in front of the
picture window, and it goes--
[SWISH]
Makes an arc and
goes out, and kind of
makes a loop over
Grandfather Mountain.
Beautiful.
And vanished.
I said, oh, wow.
They're still able to do this,
or I'm still able to do this.
So I wasn't sure.
You know, you're always
doubting you can do things
that you can do until it kind
of becomes really determined.
Well, I later find
out-- the next day,
it's all in the papers that
that craft that I had sort
of vectored over Charlotte--
>>BILLY: Sightings?
[LAUGHS]
>>GREER: --was chased by the
police helicopter, the Snoopy
helicopter they called
it for the police.
It was on radar at the Charlotte
Douglas International Airport.
Back then, Eastern
Airlines pilots saw it.
>> Ah, Snoopy 2,
you know something?
I'm not seeing the
target right now.
>> Negative, Roger.
We got something out
here flying around.
I don't believe
in flying saucers,
but it ain't an aircraft.
I don't know what it is.
>> Sounds like a
close encounter.
>> Snoopy 2, Roger.
>>GREER: And I had someone
inside the FAA take that tape,
and I have it.
Actually, part of it
is in "Close Encounters
of the Fifth Kind."
And that was the
ET's way of saying,
you can be very specific
in what your guidance is
in the stream of
coherent thought,
the sequencing of
which is what I call
it, to guide them.
Because they were saying,
yeah, we picked up on the fact
that you said go here
and then come here.
And they went there and then
came up to the mountains.
And I went-- that was a
really teaching moment.
I share these things
because they're
teachable moments
of the specificity
that these civilizations have
to follow specific information.
And it's quite
magical and beautiful.
>>BILLY: Yeah,
that's incredible.
I mean, they're literally
picking up your consciousness
and taking direct communication
or instructions from that,
and then following
through with it.
>>GREER: Yes.
If you're clear.
And so if you're
scattered, whatever.
The other thing is I found
out they're not interested--
as soon as someone
becomes afraid
or if they have
prejudices, if they've
studied the UFO subject, which
is filled with mythologies
of horrible, negative
information that's all false--
they aren't interested,
because they're not
interested in what
I call exoracism,
this sort of
extrapolation of bigotry
to different species in space.
So they're only really
interested in people who have--
who are pure-hearted about
it and not prejudiced.
>>BILLY: That's incredible.
That's fantastic, actually.
>>GREER: Yeah.
>>BILLY: Yeah.
A lot of people seem
to have pure hearts
and great intentions,
and they can't
seem to manifest these UFOs.
How do you think that
you were able to do
this at a very young age?
>>GREER: I think
everyone can do this.
And I think the
key here is, do you
have a higher purpose besides
your own entertainment
to have a contact experience?
In other words, they're
interested in interfacing
with humans who are
ready to help build
a bridge between
Earth and humanity
and these civilizations
as we go forward
into a cosmic civilization
and join the cosmic cultures.
So if that's your prevailing
motivation and intent,
then that's different.
The other thing, there are a
lot of exigencies and conditions
that can affect whether
an object appears in 3D,
or maybe it's in 6D.
For example, we've
had experiences
where nothing is in this
dimension that you can see,
but our electronics
will start communicating
in a language that's a
trans-dimensional electronic
situation, because there are
aircraft that are military,
ready to pounce on
these craft and hit them
with an electronic-directed
energy weapon.
So I think that there
are a lot of conditions.
I don't think that it's
unique to me at all.
In fact, we did an
ethnography looking back
and found that there were many,
many people who had done--
had close encounters of the
fifth kind-types experiences.
And in ancient cultures, whether
it was drumming or chanting,
they would get into a state
of coherence as a group
and have a contact
experience to star people.
So in reality, I don't
think this is new.
I've simply sort of
articulated and formulated
a series of protocols so
people can have something
to start with.
And I say whatever I put out,
honestly, it's to start with,
and then you make it your own.
I'm not at all attached to--
>>BILLY: This is like a guide--
like a guide plan with
parameters for you to go, OK.
These are the fundamentals
that we need to operate under
to be able to actually do this.
>>GREER: Yeah.
And ultimately, you
know, I tell people,
this state of unbounded,
pure consciousness
is the hub of the wheel of life.
The silent, unbounded, peaceful.
And if there are eight
billion people on this planet,
there are eight billion
spokes into that hub,
and each one's unique.
And so whatever
tradition you follow,
you adapt it to
yourself, because you're
a unique, resonant being.
There are no two beings
in the cosmos identical.
And so you make it your own.
But the protocols, the
CE5 Contact protocols
have been developed
to be very universal.
Anyone can do it.
If you believe in yourself
and believe it's possible,
you'll be able to do it.
And if you think about
everything we've accomplished
in our lives, it's like that.
As a medical doctor,
if I really thought
I couldn't put that
chest tube in in a trauma
case or whatever, I'd glitch.
So you have to
believe you can do it.
You have to believe
it's possible.
And once you affirm to
yourself in positive thinking
that you can do
it, you can do it.
>>BILLY: Absolutely.
>>GREER: Yeah.
But this is where we're
going to get into.
In this course
we're doing on Gaia,
I really am going to do
a deep dive also into,
what are the different
phenomena that have--
how does this appear?
What are the manifestations of
these advanced civilizations?
Because they don't have
to be fully materialized.
They may be partially.
You know, it's very unusual,
the kinds of things that happen,
because everyone's
expecting something like out
of a science fiction movie.
But actual contact is much
more beautiful in a way,
but nuanced.
And you have to understand what
I call the new cosmology where
we bring not only
the cosmos together,
but understanding consciousness,
the worlds of light,
the astral worlds, the interface
between those dimensions
and the material 3D cosmos,
and how an interstellar
civilization is phasing
in the gap between 3D
and conscious fields.
Boom.
So there is a big
science to learn here.
And unfortunately,
everyone kind of
wants to use this as sort
of caricatures of things
that happen in contact.
And the actual experience,
having done this now
for a long time, 47 years
or something, 48, and also
for the last 30 years
I've led contact teams
all over the world, and
thousands and thousands
of people with thousands
of interactions.
It's the sort of diversity
of experience that happens.
It's the full spectrum.
From full 3D, ET
physical beings near us,
ones that are not
quite in this dimension
but come around the circle
and touch you on the shoulder.
All kinds of phenomenon.
>>BILLY: Do you think
that some of them
can even go into
the multi-spectrum?
Like ultraviolet or gamma
ray frequencies where
the human eyes just can't see?
>>GREER: Great question.
Yes, absolutely.
And this is why the new
cameras with the CCD, you know,
the light-gathering cells, will
pick up an object or a being
that our eyes can't see.
Our eyes see a very
narrow range of energy.
And everything's energy, right?
And beyond that, everything
is consciousness.
All this is that, as it
says in the Bhagavad Gita.
So you know, I think that
people have to understand that.
Civilizations that
understand that
understand the plasticity, the
moldability of space, time,
matter, et cetera.
So they can be--
these civilizations, all of
them, if they're interstellar,
they all have this
fundamental capability.
Now, there are
some civilizations
that are at the level
of where humanity will
be in 500,000 years, where
everyone on the planet
is in god consciousness,
and their technologies
reflect that.
Literally, their
technologies and their craft
are themselves emanating
from that celestial level,
even though they're
from a 3D planet.
But that's really where we're
headed as a civilization.
It's a beautiful time
to be on this planet.
>>BILLY: Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Very beautiful.
So Dr. Greer, do you feel
that your initial contact
experiences were agenda-driven?
And do you think that you're
fulfilling that agenda today?
>>GREER: You know, I don't
like self-referencing.
Everyone has a role to play.
Why this happened
to me I think might
have been because when I had
the near-death experience,
I had such great
love for the cosmos
that that's where I went.
Now, you can argue
how all this--
this gets into the question of
free will and choice or fate
and pre-determinism.
I think everyone
has a role to play.
And I think that it doesn't
matter if it's a gallon
measure or a thimbleful.
If we all did what
our capacity allowed,
the world would be
transformed in a fortnight,
honestly, in a couple weeks.
So I think that is there
sort of a larger agenda that
is part of an, as I see
it, a divine plan that
involves Earth, these other
civilizations, and the future?
Yes.
Are all of us part of it?
>>BILLY: But it also seems
like you put a lot of action
behind your conscious thought,
whereas a lot of people
will get the thought,
download it, but put
no action behind it.
And that could be another key--
>>GREER: So key.
What you just said is so key.
Everyone has this
ability and everyone
has a thought to do something,
or even an intuition.
But they don't take
that next step.
And it takes some faith
or belief in yourself
to then go from there to
taking an active step.
>>BILLY: Exactly.
>>GREER: And that's
why when we started
this whole global movement 30
years ago for close encounters
of the fifth kind, the
whole CE5 Contact protocols,
it really is dependent
on people doing it.
And if enough people
do it, it will
shift all of human consciousness
into this good future and away
from endless war in
space or the space force
and weapons in space,
and all this stuff
that we're trying to prevent.
>>BILLY: Yeah.
Absolutely.
So Dr. Greer, all
of these experiences
that you've been
explaining-- meditation,
out-of-body experiences,
astral projection--
are these the gateway to
having the CE5 experience?
>>GREER: I think they are.
I don't think you
have to have them
before you do close encounters
of the fifth kind or CE5
contact.
People who understand it
or at least understand
that it's possible are
more likely to have
a successful outcome.
But in reality,
as I said, anyone
without a whole-- a large
fund of knowledge around this
or prior experience can
do it, so long as they're
willing to understand
the simplest thing,
and that is you're awake.
I'm awake.
These civilizations are
conscious, sentient beings.
And as Erwin Schrodinger
said, the father
of modern quantum theory and
particle wave theory in 1908,
the total number of minds
in the universe is one.
It's a singularity.
So once you understand the
singularity of consciousness,
then all of this is demystified.
Then it makes total
sense, because we're all
folded and connected to
each other not in a distance
linearly, but instantly.
And once you understand
that, and you understand
that these extraterrestrial
civilizations not
only understand it but have
to utilize it routinely
in their scientific and
interstellar communications
and what have you,
then it makes sense
that this would be possible.
And so for that reason, I
think knowing about this--
and this is why the
Gaia audience I think
would be very advanced in
being able to understand
this and begin to practice it.
But as I've said, every
ordinary person can do it.
And I think the beautiful
message in that is all of us
have the totality of all
these states of consciousness
and dimensions within us.
And if we just put one
foot after the other
and begin to
explore, the universe
will open every doorway.
>>BILLY: Right.
Fantastic.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm Billy Carson.
Thank you for watching
"Disclosure" with Dr. Steven
Greer.
[MUSIC PLAYING]